---
title: "Changes"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
author_profile: false
layout: single
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - cabin

---

Hi, we're Audrey and Jon - cabin "regulars" may recognize us from our many contributions to the guest book.


{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/cabin-front.jpg" alt="View of the cabin" caption="View of the cabin." %}

During the final walkthrough of the cabin before purchase, Jon decided to take photos of all of our entries into the guestbook over the years (which have included everything from some poorly advised winter weather driving with our '91 Honda, kayak-vs-rapids judgment errors, getting engaged, and introducing our newborn to taxidermy), and discovered an entry of our which pre-dated the entry we had been, for almost 10 years, been "counting" from.  On one hand, this means our count of just how many times we had come out to this special cabin on the river was forever off, but really this early visit was just one more reason we had begun to call the cabin a home.

If you've come to the cabin before, you know the amazing, helpful, and laid back hospitality of Debbie and Roger.  When they approached us asking if we would be interested in buying the cabin, we jumped (maybe actually literally) on the opportunity.  Visiting the cabin had inspired us to look for -- and fail to find -- similar property in the area.

If you hope to come back to the cabin - our intention is to re-open it for rental in 2020.  We want to spend some time with it just to ourselves and see where that goes before re-opening it up. Please [contact us](contact) if you want to get notified when it's available again!

<!--more-->
